doc: fast_pair: known_issues: Add rebond fail known issue (#12773)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hash: ``a8b668e82837295962348e9e681125c2ae11bb4e``).

.. rst-class:: v2-5-0 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> NCSDK-23682: Fast Pair Seeker may be unable to bond again after it loses bond multiple times when it uses RPA address and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SETTINGS_CCC_LAZY_LOADING` Kconfig option is disabled on Fast Pair Provider side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-23682: If the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SETTINGS_CCC_LAZY_LOADING` Kconfig option is disabled on the Fast Pair Provider side, the Fast Pair Seeker that uses the RPA address to connect with the Provider may be unable to bond again after losing the bonding information multiple times.
```

> The issue is because of a `Zephyr issue #64042`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue is a consequence of `Zephyr issue #64042`_.
```
